packer/azure/README.md, before:

# Microsoft Azure

## Table of Contents

- [Microsoft Azure](#microsoft-azure)
  - [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
  - [Requirements](#requirements)
  - [Overview](#overview)
  - [Authentication](#authentication)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Images](#images)

## Requirements

- `az` (Azure CLI) `2.21.0` or newer

## Overview

|                 |                                        |
|-----------------|----------------------------------------|
| image template  | [image.pkr.hcl](image.pkr.hcl)         |
| image variables | [variables.pkr.hcl](variables.pkr.hcl) |
| build target    | `azure`                                |
| build command   | `make build target=azure`              |
| lint command    | `make lint target=azure`               |

> `make` commands must be run from the root directory.

## Authentication

Packer (and Terraform) requires authentication credentials to interact with Azure APIs.

The Azure workflow is set up to use the Azure CLI `az` login information to retrieve these credentials.

To log in, execute the `az login` command and follow the instructions presented by the application.

> You will need to log in to an Azure account that has permissions to create Resource Groups, Virtual Machines, and Virtual Machine Images.

## Prerequisites

|                 |                                       |
|-----------------|---------------------------------------|
| init command    | `make terraform-init target=azure`    |
| build command   | `make terraform-apply target=azure`   |
| destroy command | `make terraform-destroy target=azure` |

> `make` commands must be run from the root directory.

The Azure workflow described in [image.pkr.hcl](image.pkr.hcl) requires an Azure Resource Group to operate.

To ease in the creation of this, this repository includes a Terraform workflow (in `./terraform/azure`) that can create the prerequisite resources.

For a seamless Packer experience, it is recommended to execute the Terraform workflow before the Packer workflow.

Alternatively, you can manually create an Azure Resource Group as well as the `./packer/azure/generated.auto.pkrvars.hcl` file.

> NOTE: For an initial run, Terraform needs to be initialized using `make terraform-init target=azure`

## Images

```sh
make build target=azure
```

Once the build workflow completes successfully, you will be able to inspect the image in the [Azure Portal](https://portal.azure.com/#blade/HubsExtension/BrowseResource/resourceType/Microsoft.Compute%2Fimages).

Commit message:

Expands AWS Image Builder and adds osquery support (#21)
* Packer
  * bumps minimal Vagrant version from `2.2.10` to `2.2.16`
  * expands AWS image builder with support for:
    * polling
    * enhanced networking
    * KMS settings (local, regional)
    * Security Group filters
    * more extensive `tags` and `run_tags`
  * bumps Vault from `1.7.0` to `1.7.1`
  * bumps `vagrant` plugin from `0.0.2` to `0.0.3`
  * mark which variables are required

* Ansible
  * adds support for `remote_tmp` configuration
  * adds support for `post_tasks` for cleanup operations
  * adds support for `key` and `key_server ` for `apt_repos`

* Terraform
  * bumps Terraform from `0.15.0` to `0.15.1`
  * bumps `azurerm` provider from `2.56.0` to `2.57.0`
  * bumps `google` provider from `3.64.0` to `3.66.1`
  * adds base `google` resources

* Make
  * describe change here (or delete section)
  * adds `ansible` version to `make env-info`
  * adds target for `terraform-lint`

* Documentation
  * adds _Overrides_ information to documentation
  * adds GHA to automatically check links in Markdown files

packer/azure/README.md, after:

# Microsoft Azure

## Table of Contents

- [Microsoft Azure](#microsoft-azure)
  - [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
  - [Requirements](#requirements)
  - [Overview](#overview)
    - [Overrides](#overrides)
  - [Authentication](#authentication)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Images](#images)

## Requirements

- `az` (Azure CLI) `2.21.0` or newer

## Overview

|                 |                                        |
|-----------------|----------------------------------------|
| image template  | [image.pkr.hcl](image.pkr.hcl)         |
| image variables | [variables.pkr.hcl](variables.pkr.hcl) |
| build target    | `azure`                                |
| build command   | `make build target=azure`              |
| lint command    | `make lint target=azure`               |

> `make` commands must be run from the root directory.

### Overrides

Any variables can be overridden by populating a file called `overrides.auto.pkrvars.hcl` with an identical key-value pair.

For example, to set the [Managed Image Name](https://www.packer.io/docs/builders/azure/arm#managed_image_name) (variable name `managed_image_name`) to a value of `stack`, add the following:

```ini
managed_image_name=stack
```

## Authentication

Packer (and Terraform) requires authentication credentials to interact with Azure APIs.

The Azure workflow is set up to use the Azure CLI `az` login information to retrieve these credentials.

To log in, execute the `az login` command and follow the instructions presented by the application.

> You will need to log in to an Azure account that has permissions to create Resource Groups, Virtual Machines, and Virtual Machine Images.

## Prerequisites

|                 |                                       |
|-----------------|---------------------------------------|
| init command    | `make terraform-init target=azure`    |
| build command   | `make terraform-apply target=azure`   |
| destroy command | `make terraform-destroy target=azure` |

> `make` commands must be run from the root directory.

The Azure workflow described in [image.pkr.hcl](image.pkr.hcl) requires an Azure Resource Group to operate.

To ease in the creation of this, this repository includes a Terraform workflow (in `./terraform/azure`) that can create the prerequisite resources.

For a seamless Packer experience, it is recommended to execute the Terraform workflow before the Packer workflow.

Alternatively, you can manually create an Azure Resource Group as well as the `./packer/azure/generated.auto.pkrvars.hcl` file.

> NOTE: For an initial run, Terraform needs to be initialized using `make terraform-init target=azure`

## Images

```sh
make build target=azure
```

Once the build workflow completes successfully, you will be able to inspect the image in the [Azure Portal](https://portal.azure.com/#blade/HubsExtension/BrowseResource/resourceType/Microsoft.Compute%2Fimages).
